*** Before writing the code It's a sincere request to spend some time on demos and try to interpret the execution 
	flow and how hibernate works.

1. Check the hibernate.cfg.xml and put the connection details as per your database setup.
2. Table structures are present in the TableScript.sql file. Execute those queries in your database.
3. Create the entities and put those mappings in hibernate.cfg.xml file.
4. You have implement the below packages.
	- entity
	- service
	- dao
	-ui
5. Your code flow should follow the below order
	ui -> service -> dao and vice versa
6. Add all those hibernate required jars and the database connector jar(depends on the used database) to classpath.
7. The code is partially implemented and you have to make it a simulated code with dummy data.

Use case description
------------------------------
1. One mobile number can be mapped to multiple credit card. But multiple mobile number can't be marked to a credit card.
2. Without a mobile number credit card can't exist. But without a credit card mobile number exists.
3. Credit card can't be added to the database without mobile details. But mobile number can be added and later multiple
   credit cards can be mapped to that number.
4. If you want to delete a credit card then the reference must be deleted for future purpose. But if you want to delete
   a mobile number then all the mapped credit cards must be deleted. The same logic works for updated flow as well 
   to make the data consistent.
   
   The whole assignment can be considered as an One to Many relationship between MobileNumber and Credit Card.
   	
   				One to Many
   MobileNumber------------->Credit Card
   
*** If you are considering any assumptions from your end put that in comment in the place of implementation.
*** Please follow the demo document for setup the project and make it runnable in your system.

Please reach to me if you have any queries.
mail : akash.maharana@accolitedigital.com
Phone : 8390280006

Assignment Submission Deadline : 30th May 2021